DEVDOC124: Update guidelines for logs with examples (#738)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/getting-started/guidelines/guidelines-for-logs.md

## Log Parsers

> Every micro-service from the Marketplace comes with an [annotation](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/services.md#annotations-configuration) called `mia-platform.eu/log-type`: this annotation allows log collection and processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every microservice from the Marketplace comes with an [annotation](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/services.md#annotations-configuration) called `mia-platform.eu/log-type`: this annotation allows log collection and processing
```
